README.md, before:

# HiveApp - Smart Beekeeping Management

HiveApp is a React Native mobile application designed for beekeepers to monitor and manage their hives. The app provides real-time data visualization, AI-powered insights, and notifications for critical hive events.

## Features

- **Dashboard**: Overview of key hive metrics (temperature, humidity, pest status, honey production)
- **Hive Detail View**: Detailed graphs showing sensor data trends
- **AI Insights**: AI-generated recommendations based on sensor readings
- **Notifications Center**: In-app notifications with timestamps and action buttons
- **Settings**: Configure notification thresholds and test different notification types
- **User Authentication**: Support for both hobbyist and commercial beekeepers

## Demo Credentials

For testing purposes, you can use the following demo accounts:

- **Hobby Beekeeper**:
  - Email: hobbyist@example.com
  - Password: password

- **Commercial Beekeeper**:
  - Email: commercial@example.com
  - Password: password

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm or yarn
- Expo CLI

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/hiveapp.git
cd hiveapp
```

2. Install dependencies
```
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Start the development server
```
npm start
# or
yarn start
```

4. Open the app on your device using the Expo Go app or run it in a simulator

## Project Structure

```
hiveapp/
├── assets/              # Images, fonts, and other static assets
├── src/
│   ├── components/      # Reusable UI components
│   ├── redux/           # Redux store, slices, and actions
│   ├── screens/         # App screens
│   └── utils/           # Helper functions and theme
├── App.js               # Main app component
└── app.json             # Expo configuration
```

## Technologies Used

- React Native
- Expo
- Redux Toolkit
- React Navigation
- React Native Chart Kit
- React Native Vector Icons

## Simulated Features

Since this is a demo application without a real backend or hardware integration, the following features are simulated:

- Sensor data is generated and updated at regular intervals
- Notifications are triggered by simulated events
- AI insights are generated based on predefined rules
- User authentication uses mock data

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Icons provided by Ionicons
- Color scheme inspired by honey and beehive colors

Commit message:

Enhance app with theme support and new features. Integrated ThemeContext for dynamic theming across components, updated NotificationPopup and Card components for theme awareness, and added EditHiveScreen to navigation. Improved Dashboard and HiveDetail screens with theme-based styling and AI insights fetching. Updated package.json and package-lock.json to include axios for API calls.

README.md, after:

# HiveApp - Smart Beekeeping Management

HiveApp is a React Native mobile application designed for beekeepers to monitor and manage their hives. The app provides real-time data visualization, AI-powered insights, and notifications for critical hive events.

## Features

- **Dashboard**: Overview of key hive metrics (temperature, humidity, pest status, honey production)
- **Hive Detail View**: Detailed graphs showing sensor data trends
- **AI Insights**: AI-generated recommendations based on sensor readings
- **Notifications Center**: In-app notifications with timestamps and action buttons
- **Settings**: Configure notification thresholds and test different notification types
- **User Authentication**: Support for both hobbyist and commercial beekeepers

## Demo Credentials

For testing purposes, you can use the following demo accounts:

- **Hobby Beekeeper**:
  - Email: hobbyist@example.com
  - Password: password

- **Commercial Beekeeper**:
  - Email: commercial@example.com
  - Password: password

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm or yarn
- Expo CLI

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/hiveapp.git
cd hiveapp
```

2. Install dependencies
```
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Start the development server
```
npm start
# or
yarn start
```

4. Open the app on your device using the Expo Go app or run it in a simulator
For IOS, npm start the app and then scan the QR code that appears in the terminal with your camera app to launch the expo app.

## Project Structure

```
hiveapp/
├── assets/              # Images, fonts, and other static assets
├── src/
│   ├── components/      # Reusable UI components
│   ├── redux/           # Redux store, slices, and actions
│   ├── screens/         # App screens
│   └── utils/           # Helper functions and theme
├── App.js               # Main app component
└── app.json             # Expo configuration
```

## Technologies Used

- React Native
- Expo
- Redux Toolkit
- React Navigation
- React Native Chart Kit
- React Native Vector Icons

## Simulated Features

Since this is a demo application without a real backend or hardware integration, the following features are simulated:

- Sensor data is generated and updated at regular intervals
- Notifications are triggered by simulated events
- AI insights are generated based on predefined rules
- User authentication uses mock data

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Icons provided by Ionicons
- Color scheme inspired by honey and beehive colors
